----- Yelp Data Project -----

1. Download the database from below link and import it:
https://www.yelp.com/dataset
2. import the following libraries:
```
import json
import glob
import tarfile
from datetime import datetime
from cassandra.cluster import Cluster
from cassandra.metadata import KeyspaceMetadata
from cassandra.query import BatchStatement, ConsistencyLevel
```
3. Create a keyspace and tables using below file:
create_schema.py
4. Load data using below file:
load_data.py
5. After successful loading of data, run the below file for UI:
yelp_app.py


----------------------------------------
Certainly! Here's a description of what this project does, suitable for a presentation:


This project is a Yelp-like application that provides a user-friendly interface for exploring businesses and their reviews. It's built using Python with tkinter for the GUI and utilizes a Cassandra database to store and retrieve data. Here are the key features and functionalities:




Business Listing:

The main window displays a list of businesses, including their names, addresses, star ratings, and review counts.

Users can scroll through the list to explore various businesses.




Search Functionality:

A search bar allows users to look for specific businesses, enhancing user experience and navigation.




Review System:

Users can click on a business to view its reviews in a separate window.

The review window shows recent reviews, including the reviewer's name and a snippet of their comment.

Users can click "Show Full" to read the entire review.




User Interaction:

Users can add new reviews for a business, providing their name and review text.

Existing reviews can be edited or deleted, allowing for user-generated content management.




Database Integration:

The application is connected to a Cassandra database, ensuring efficient storage and retrieval of business and review data.

It uses CQL (Cassandra Query Language) for database operations.




Real-time Updates:

The interface refreshes to show new or updated reviews immediately after changes are made.




User-friendly Design:

The application features a clean, intuitive interface with the Yelp logo for brand recognition.

It uses color coding and clear layout to enhance readability and user experience.




Scalability:

The use of Cassandra as the database allows for potential scalability to handle large amounts of data.




This application demonstrates the integration of a GUI with a NoSQL database, showcasing how to build a functional review system similar to popular platforms like Yelp. It's an excellent example of how to create interactive data-driven applications using Python and modern database technologies.
